fix: 🐛 sd-audio a11y and other things (#2136)
solid-design-system/solid: .changeset/true-peas-pump.md

---
'@solid-design-system/components': patch
---

> fix: trigger elements inside ShadowDOMs are correctly re-focused when sd-drawer or sd-dialog closes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved `sd-drawer` and `sd-dialog` focus management by ensuring trigger elements inside shadow DOMs are correctly re-focused when element closes.
```
